Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hey, Emily.
- Hey.
Where you been, stranger?
Long time no see.
So many of my credits
didn't transfer.
They've got me taking
sophomore make-up classes.
What you been up to?
Seems like l've been spending
all my time on the West Beverly Blaze.
l know. l've been reading.
Listen, l'd like to walk you out
but l gotta go meet Bren.
She's taking her driver's test
again today, for the third time.
What's her problem, anyway?
Parallel parking.
And we practise and practise
but she just doesn't get it.
l am just so freaked out
about hitting one of those cones again.
You won't.
You know l had this dream
last night
where l was taking my driver's test.
Only l was driving this 1 8-wheeler,
which l had to parallel park in between
these gigantic orange cones
that were filled with explosives.
And if l hit one, l was dead.
What happened?
Well, l woke up in a cold sweat.
l couldn't fall asleep for over an hour.
Poor Brenda.
Didn't you guys used
to have nightmares
about taking your driver's test?
God, no.
l passed with flying colours.
l think some people
were born to drive.
l mean, l think it's in my genes.
Oh, please. You should have seen
Kelly when she got her licence.
For the first month,
l felt like a crash-test dummy.
So l had a few fender-benders.
- lt's how you learn.
- All right, Bren. You ready?
- Yeah. Where's Dylan?
- l saw him at lunch,
he said he'd meet us out front.
Go on. You can do it.
How am l doing so far?
So far so good.
This is the easy part.
Pull forward and parallel park
between the orange cones.
Come on, Bren.
Now parallel park.
l blow this every time.
With your eyes open,
visualise the vehicle in the space.
Trust your hands on the wheel.
Be like a snake
slithering across the ground.
A snake.
- Yes.
- Hey. Oh, oh.
Am l in?
Proceed to the entrance.
You've passed your test.
Oh, thanks.
So then it was time
to parallel park.
And in that brief moment,
my entire future life
without a licence flashed before me
and it was horrible.
And l knew l could not
and would not fail.
Ah, that's great, sweetheart.
Friday l'll make a big dinner. We'll
have your friends over to celebrate.
Thanks, Mom.
Now, one question still remains.
Dad, since you did help
Brandon buy his car,
l assume that we're
going to share it.
Survey says:
Sorry, Brenda, the correct answer is,
''Dad did not help me buy my car.
He merely helped me repair it.''
Brandon,
l can't totally be without wheels.
l'll get it.
Hey, if you want a car, get a job.
- That's the American way.
- Brandon, l don't think it's up to you.
Does this
have to be decided tonight?
Bobby, what a surprise.
You are? That's wonderful.
Oh, well, sure.
Sure, of course you can.
Hey! Yo, Bobster!
Okay, great. Talk to you then.
Bye-bye.
- So did he call to congratulate me?
- No.
He called to say
he wants to come visit this weekend.
He did, really? That's great.
He's thinking of transferring
to UCLA.
You're kidding?
Bobby might move here?
Don't we need to discuss details?
Well, of course.
lt'll be great to see Bobby,
it's been so long.
Tell me more about this
college-aged cousin of yours.
ls he available?
Yes and no.
Kelly, he's really not your type.
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing.
Wait a second. ls he that guy
in the picture over your fireplace?
That gorgeous stud wearing
that little red bathing suit?
Kelly, control yourself.
Don't you ever feel
like we just abandoned Bobby
once we left Minnesota?
l got the feeling
we abandoned a lot of people.
You know what l mean.
He cried when we left.
He did?
Well, that's what mom said
Aunt Marjorie told her.
Well, l'm sure he'd be thrilled
to know that you heard that.
lt just feels so weird
growing up with someone
and then having them
completely disappear out of your life.
Hey, hey, hey.
Wait a minute.
What's going on here?
You shooting hoops
or breaking windshields?
Hey, hey, hey, talk to your dad. He's
the one with the height advantage,
still can't make a decent shot.
- Hey, hey.
- He wanted to give me
an eight-point handicap,
l said, forget it, enough's enough.
- Not true.
- How you doing, buddy?
Long time no see.
l missed you, man.
Oh, come on,
don't give me that crap.
How can you miss anything
living in this place?
Oh, my God.
Brenda, you look so gorgeous.
l'm not just saying it this time.
She's a real woman.
Bobby, stop it. You know that
you are worse than ever.
l'm telling you,
if we weren't first cousins...
You know, why didn't
you ever write me back?
l must've written you at least
a dozen letters since we moved here.
- l sent some postcards.
- Two.
That's the wonderful thing
about family.
l couldn't get this kind of abuse
staying in a hotel.
Take over for me, son.
l've gotta go wash up. Good luck.
Thanks.
- Oh, l am so glad you're here.
- More, please.
Come on, Walsh, let's see what a year
of easy living has done to you.
- Come on.
- Yeah.
So it doesn't seem like your brain's
been totally fried by the sun out here.
What did you expect?
Well, l thought that
every other word would be like,
''Hey, dude, like, let's all catch
some totally, full-on
gnarly radical waves.''
No, l don't surf.
l tried,
but it didn't work out that well.
You can bet if l lived out here
and l still had my legs,
l'd be surfing my little buns off.
Yeah, well, you always could
pick up any sport.
So how is the female situation?
lt's happening.
There's this one girl, Emily.
And we went out once
and things got a little weird.
Then heat fizzled.
Come on, don't let weird
get in the way. Seize the day.
Yeah, we'll see.
l'm looking forward to meeting
some California babes, myself.
Ah, so the truth finally comes out.
The real reason you wanna go
to UCLA is for the ladies.
l just don't wanna miss out
on anything, Brandon.
Yeah, sure.
l understand.
You know, Bobby,
since your accident...
Listen, Brandon, it's been a long trip.
l gotta get some Z's.
Yeah, sure.
Hit the light on your way out,
will you?
Yeah.
Good night.
What are the ramifications
of Bobby attending
UCLA next semester?
l don't know.
Well, isn't this something
you should be
talking with your brother about?
Cindy, Allen put me up for two years
when l went to college.
lt's just a big responsibility
for us to take on.
And, of course, it's not one
that we're gonna turn our backs on.
lt just seems so sudden.
Allen says he's getting
pretty self-sufficient.
l look at him and l think,
God, life is cruel and senseless.
l mean, one minute,
he's this big strapping boy,
can't sit still. And the next,
he's a paraplegic.
And l feel so bad for him.
But more than that--
And this is what's driving me crazy.
--what l feel most
is this gigantic sense of relief.
Why?
Because it's not Brandon
sitting in that wheelchair.
And it could have been.
Just as easily.
lt could have been.
Bobby, l don't believe it.
You did all this?
No, little elves snuck in
and helped me during the night.
Aunt Cindy, you act like
l'm crippled or something.
- Silly me.
- Yeah, l was gonna squeeze
some fresh OJ
but l couldn't find that contraption.
Yeah, it's right up here.
Slightly out of my reach.
Oh, sorry about that.
l can't believe what l'm smelling.
Mom, this is so nice.
Bobby, l don't want you
to get the wrong idea.
This is definitely not your typical
morning at the Walsh house.
Guys, l had nothing to do with this.
This is all your cousin's work.
Bobby, you fixed breakfast?
Hey, remember when we all
used to go skiing together?
Who'd be up at 6:30
in the morning scrambling eggs?
You would.
So who's gonna set the table?
This stuff isn't gonna stay hot forever.
All right.
You heard the man, let's get cracking.
- Brandon, that's your job.
- Get the silverware, Brenda.
l think Brandon can do it.
Seeing Bobby's put me
in a generous mood, Bren.
l'm about to do something
totally crazy.
- What?
- l'm gonna let you drive my 'Stang.
Oh, do not do me any favours.
Come on, how many people
get to break in their licence
behind the wheel
of an American classic?
Look, l'll take a pass.
Brenda, you've had your licence
for two days now.
What are you afraid of?
Look, Brandon, l'll drive
when l have to drive. Until then,
school, James.
Attention, West Beverly drivers,
the Beverly Hills High
charity car wash is this weekend.
And now here's a little something
to get your morning started right.
Hey, Donna.
Hi.
Listen, l know it's kind of short notice,
but l was wondering
what you were doing tonight?
Maybe we can go see a movie
or something.
David, l'd love to, l would.
But l'm going to this dinner
at Brenda's.
Well, she can come too.
l guess that wouldn't work, would it?
Well, maybe we can do it
again sometime.
Yeah, we'll see.
Ciao.
Bye.
See you later.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- So, what time's dinner?
- Dinner?
The big celebration dinner
you invited us all to
when you got your licence?
You know, with my cousin here,
l totally forgot.
Bren, is it all right if l bring
David Silver tonight?
Why?
Because he asked me to a movie
but l'm having dinner with you guys.
ls this a date?
Are we dating David Silver?
- No, we're just friends, okay?
- Excuse me.
l don't know.
lt might be too many people.
No problem.
So l finally get to meet
this dreamy cousin of yours.
Kelly, there's something
that you should know about Bobby.
He is cute and he is over 21 .
But three years ago,
he got in an accident
and now he's paralyzed
from the waist down.
- Brenda, l'm sorry.
- Me too.
Look, he doesn't need your pity.
So if you're gonna act weird
around him,
just-- Let's call the whole thing off
right now.
Why would you even think that?
Look, l just get a little overprotective
about him sometimes.
He used to date a girlfriend of mine
back in Minnesota.
And she dumped him
right after the accident.
We should get to class.
- Hey, sport.
- Hey, chief.
So, what time's
the big dinner tonight?
Ah, Brenda says 7.
Do you think l could hitch a ride?
Why don't you ask Bren?
She just got her licence.
l don't think she's even
broken it in yet.
Great. Maybe l'll just take the bus.
Hi.
Hey, Em.
Hi, guys. Sorry l'm late.
Late for what?
Since when do you take journalism?
As of today.
l was taking a psych class
but l was not cut out for it.
So l figured l'd give
the family business a shot.
Great.
Your father must be so pleased.
Maybe you should work
for one of his papers for real.
No chance of that.
So where should l start?
You know, we could use
an extra body in Sports.
- Sounds great.
- Sports can take care of itself.
No, what we're lacking
is adequate coverage of the PTA.
l mean, last Saturday,
they had a mother-daughter bake sale,
we totally blew it.
What do you say?
You're the boss.
Great.
- Dylan on 8-foot net.
- Challenge, challenge. You got it, kid.
Once, Bob.
- Yes, yes. Bobby, nice shot.
- Who is this guy?
- That's 1 4-1 2.
- Where were you?
Hey, just watch
your own man, money.
Nice shot.
How long you been watching?
Long enough to know
who's gonna win.
Kelly, this is my cousin Bobby.
Bobby, this is Kelly.
Nice to meet you.
Bobby, Brenda and Brandon.
How cute.
l know, it's disgusting, huh?
So, Brenda tells me
you're applying to UCLA.
- We'll see.
- Hi, guys, sorry we're late.
But we had to pick up Andrea
and the traffic was killer.
- Sorry.
- Brenda, you drove?
No, Donna did.
Brenda, isn't it about time
you put the pedal to the metal?
Brandon, please leave me alone.
- Kill. Kill.
- Shoot.
- Blow away.
- Finger.
Uh, gun. l got it. All right.
First word.
- l need a better hint.
- Shoulder gun.
What is it?
- Striptease.
- The Naked Gun.
Yes.
All right.
l didn't know how far
l was gonna have to go.
Kel, l was hoping
you'd pick that one.
- Go.
- No.
- Bren.
- Go, Bren.
- Brenda.
- Come on, Brenda, just pick one.
- All right.
Kelly, sit here.
- Are you kidding, l'll crush you.
- Try me.
Okay.
All right.
You're in good hands.
l cannot believe this.
Who picked this?
Who wrote this?
Well, is it a TV show,
movie or book?
Steve, you better pray
it's not a book.
So we broke into the girl's bunk
at 3 a.m. and yelled, ''Rattler.''
No, but first we put
the snake in the girl's bed.
lt was just a little garden snake,
no big deal.
- You should have heard her scream.
- Oh, man.
- Remember?
- lt was the last summer we spent--
- At Camp Kissemee Falls.
- Good nighty.
Guys, l hate to be a drag
but l am beat.
Yeah, me too.
Well, go to sleep, then.
l'll put myself to bed, guys.
- You sure?
- Absolutely. See you in the morning.
Good night, pal.
Good night, Bobby.
Good night, Kelly.
Night, Brenda.
Mind if l join you?
Can you?
Can l?
Sorry.
Much more comfortable.
So how long ago was it that--?
Oh, three years, four months,
some odd days.
Not that l'm counting.
- Any chance of a--?
- Nope, but l'm lucky, though.
lf the injury on my spine
was any higher,
l'd be quadriplegic
instead of paraplegic.
What's the difference?
Well, one you're paralyzed
from the waist down
and the other from the neck down,
which means no wheelchair
basketball, among a lot of other things.
l think it's great
how you handle it all, l mean.
Man has a marvellous capacity,
not only to adapt to his surroundings,
but to make his surroundings
adapt to him.
l read that somewhere.
But it's true.
Hey, listen,
have you ever ridden a horse?
Are you kidding?
l love to ride. Yeah.
Really? l grew up on horses.
Maybe we can look for a place
to ride tomorrow.
l'm sure there's gotta be
some stables around here.
You can still...?
Kelly, l can still do a lot of things.
Look, l'll see you tomorrow.
l'd walk you out, but...
That's okay.
Sleep well.
Good night.
Brandon.
Brandon, l feel really weird
about this whole Kelly-Bobby thing.
What are you talking about,
Brenda?
l'm not even up yet.
She didn't leave
until after 1 this morning.
What's the problem?
So they like each other.
Yeah, well,
Kelly can be really flirtatious.
So can Bobby.
l just don't wanna see him
get hurt again, that's all.
What are you saying?
That Kelly can't really like Bobby
because he's in a wheelchair?
Maybe.
Look, l don't know. l guess l just
wonder what his expectations are.
Probably the same as any other guy
who likes a girl.
He hopes that she likes him back.
l know you're right.
l'm probably making a bigger deal
out of it than it really is.
Okay, okay.
No, as long as you got the saddle.
Okay, 1 :00?
Are we free at 1 :00?
- Yeah, l guess so.
- Okay, 1 :00 is fine.
- We'll see you then.
- What was that all about?
Horseback riding.
You, me, Brenda, Dylan and Kelly.
l want her to see me ride, Brandon.
l don't think she believes
l can still do it.
You kidding? After how
you were hitting on her
she thinks you can walk on water.
Too strong?
Listen, Bobby.
l know Kelly pretty well,
and l just wouldn't want you
to misunderstand anything here.
Like what?
You think she's patronizing me?
Let me tell you something,
that was not a patronizing kiss
l got before she left last night.
Just go slow, that's all l'm saying.
Tell me what you're really thinking,
Brandon.
You don't think that Kelly
could be serious
about some guy in a wheelchair.
There we go.
Be careful with the family jewels,
boys.
- What's this horse's name?
- Shane.
Now, how's that feel?
Feel like l got me four legs.
All right, see what you can do,
Shane.
- Whoa, look at him go.
- Hey, wait up.
Come on, baby.
Come on, Bren.
- So, what's her name?
- Spitfire.
Don't you have any named
Gentle Jim, anything like that?
Ah, she's gentle.
As long as you stay
on her good side.
Bobby, slow down.
Come on, pokey.
Slow down. Hold it. Hold it.
l love this.
This is my version
of a seeing-eye dog.
Yeah, like a walking-legs horse.
Exactly.
So listen, there's a party tonight.
Mostly high school kids,
might be a little young for you.
No problem.
As long as you're gonna be there.
Yeah, me, Brenda, Brandon,
Steve, Donna, Dylan.
The gang.
Hey, hey, guys, hey.
We gotta get back,
our time's almost up.
Thank God.
l'll see you guys back--
Hey, hey, hey.
Can l help?
l think we got it under control.
There we go.
- Damn it.
- What?
Stairs.
Maybe there's
a back way or something.
And then what am l supposed to do?
Take an elevator?
Hey, hey, don't worry about it.
We can handle the situation.
l don't know, guys,
l'm kind of heavy.
This stairwell's kind of steep.
Yo, Steve.
- Give us a hand over here, pal.
- Sure, bro.
- The party starter's here.
- Okay. Get it up.
- High roller, here we go.
- Okay, now.
Okay, l'll clear a path. Let's go.
- Yeah, you do that.
- Look out, look out.
- Party starter coming through.
- Donna, hurry up.
- Ciao.
- Good move, Sanders.
Here we go. Look out, look out.
Now, this is Beverly Hills.
Tal Weaver throws the best parties.
Oh, well, Kelly used to date him,
but then he moved on.
l didn't used to date him.
He took me to a Sting concert.
lt was no big deal.
- Bobby, do you need anything?
- No, l'm fine. Thanks.
We're gonna go dance.
Dylan, come on.
- No, Bren. No.
- Yes.
Gonna get something to drink.
Need anything?
- l'll go with you.
- Bobby, you okay?
Fine.
Oh, my God, l'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Maybe you could get me
a towel or something maybe?
l'll get it for you.
l cannot believe her. You okay?
Oh, what happened to you, man?
Nothing. l'm just real lazy.
That's pretty funny, man.
You hear what that dude
in the wheelchair said to me?
He's such a jerk.
Don't worry about it, all right?
The total lQ in this place
must be less than a hundred.
l'm telling you, Kelly.
l am so glad l'm out of high school.
l'll bet.
- Hey, Kelly.
- Hi, Tal.
l was wondering when you were
gonna get here.
Well, here l am.
You look roaring to go, let's dance.
Tal, this is Bobby,
a cousin of Brandon's.
How'd you get up those steps?
lt wasn't easy.
Well, are you okay?
Can l get you anything?
Actually, a cold beer
would be nice right about now.
Sorry, bud, no alcohol.
Last time we had beer,
we ran into some problems
and my parents
are pretty intense about that.
So you wanna dance?
- l don't know.
- Why not?
Go ahead.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Will you hold my purse?
Sure.
Hey, Bob, is there some
serious talent here or what?
Yeah.
Listen, could you find
Brandon for me?
l'm not feeling good,
l'd kind of like to go home.
- Yeah, something l can do for you?
- Could you just find him for me?
Sure, bud.
- Hi.
- Here's your purse.
Thanks.
l guess l'm not a fun person
to go to a party with.
- l can't do much but sit here.
- That's not true.
Unless l get drunk
and l start doing wheelies.
Listen, Kelly, it was really great
meeting you and everything
and there's probably a lot of things
l haven't told you.
Like how incredibly sewy
l think you are
and how l love the way
your body moves when you dance.
So l'm just gonna say it all
right now, so you can say,
''Gee, Bobby,
l really think you're nice.
And l really like spending time
with you and all,
but l just don't like you in that way.''
Let's save ourselves the grief, because
l know how these things work out.
Bobby, what are you talking about?
l'm talking about two weeks from now
or six months from now.
A few more parties like this
and when the novelty wears off
and you wanna dance
with your boyfriend.
Bobby, there you are, l've been looking
all over for you, is everything okay?
No, Brandon.
l'm not feeling that good.
l'd kind of like to go home.
Yeah, sure. You don't wanna hang
around for a couple more minutes?
No. Now, please.
l can take care of the cab.
But, you know,
l just need help with the stairs.
Yeah, sure.
Just let me go find Dylan.
Nice work, Kel.
Kelly, what did you do?
l don't know.
l don't even know what happened.
You must have said something
to upset him like that.
But l don't know.
Somebody accidentally spilled
a drink on him
and then l went to dance with Tal.
And when l came back,
it's like he flipped out.
You know, l told you not
to lead him on. lt's not fair.
You think because
Bobby's in a wheelchair
you have the right
to interfere with his social life.
Did it ever occur to you
that l like being with him?
Kelly, he's hurt enough.
l don't wanna see him
get hurt anymore.
Brenda, l did not mean to hurt him.
So you wanna tell me
what this is all about?
lt's amazing, Brandon.
Most of the time
l actually fool myself
into thinking
that everything's normal.
l try to believe that the only thing
different about me
is that l'm sitting down
while everyone else is standing up.
And then every once in a while,
l get this glimpse of how everyone
really must see me.
Did Kelly say something
or do something?
Kelly's great.
But let's get real, Brandon.
lf l come out here
and go to school,
how's it gonna work out
in the long run?
l don't know. You tell me.
Well, she's not gonna
wanna compromise.
This gets old real fast.
My charms wear thin
after about the third or fourth date.
And most girls realise
that they don't want
to get serious about
some guy in a wheelchair.
Trust me, l've been there.
ls that what Kelly said?
l saved us both the pain.
So, what do you do, Bobby?
You just blow off any girl
who gets too close to you?
- That doesn't sound like you, man.
- What do you know about me?
You have no idea
what l have to deal with every day.
Everything in my life is an effort.
That's why you're so amazing, Bobby.
You make it seem so easy.
Come on. No one wants
to hang around with a drag.
Don't you get it?
ln my mind,
when l imagine myself
doing things, l'm still walking.
l have dreams that l'm running.
And when l wake up,
l expect to just jump out of bed.
And at least once a day,
no matter how well things are going,
l can't help but wonder
why this happened to me.
l mean, what on earth
did l ever do to deserve this?
You know?
l know.
lt doesn't make any sense.
l remember when l was little,
l used to think
you could do anything.
And l wanted to do
everything you did.
l'll never forget how much fun
we were having the day you got hurt.
Come on, Brandon, this is old news.
Yeah, l know, but we've never really
talked about it, have we?
l remember there was
a foot of fresh powder.
And you had to be
the first one out on the hill.
Always.
And you were bombing
down the run
and l was doing everything l could
to keep up with you.
- And then l saw the jump.
- No, l saw it.
No, l saw it first.
And l knew it was a big drop,
but l knew it was a steep hill.
l also knew that
you couldn't resist a dare.
No, Brandon,
it was my idea to take the jump.
Come on, Bobby.
l was there, remember?
You took off, man,
and it was beautiful.
And l was awestruck and then--
Right into the tree.
l can't help thinking, if l had just kept
my stupid mouth shut--
- Hey, enough of that.
- You'd still be walking.
And when did l ever need you
to goad me into taking a jump? Huh?
l saw that thing coming
from a country mile.
Damn it, Bobby. Can you just
remember how it happened?
- Why?
- Because l'm sorry, all right?
Can't l ever just tell you
that l'm sorry?
l mean, what are you trying
to protect me from, anyway?
Well, maybe l'm just
protecting myself.
You're my favourite cousin,
Brandon.
l lost enough friends
after the accident.
l just don't wanna lay
all this stuff on you and lose you.
Well, l wish you would've laid
some of it on me.
l'm here for you, Bobby.
l can handle it.
Well, l guess however
you wanna remember that day
isn't gonna change things one bit.
But at least we won't have
to go around
pretending everything's perfect,
will we?
lt's not, believe me.
You know, Brandon,
maybe coming out here
was a big mistake.
l wanna do everything,
you know?
l don't wanna have limitations.
But it's nights like this that
make me think l'm just fooling myself.
So get some sleep, buddy.
Things always look better
in the morning.
Boy, you still are a Walsh.
Through and through.
Just remember one thing.
l love you, man. l really do.
Me too. Brandon, me too.
Hi.
Can we talk?
Sure.
lf you can reach me the juicer,
l'll squeeze you some orange juice.
That was pretty unfair
of you last night.
l don't know.
The way l see it,
somebody's gonna be
unfair eventually.
How do you know?
Experience.
lt's taught me
some pretty brutal lessons.
We were having fun together.
l like you.
As a friend, right?
Of course as a friend.
What's wrong with that?
Because l've got enough friends.
Why are you putting all
these expectations on me?
l've only known you for two days.
What am l supposed to do?
Throw myself at you?
No.
Then why don't you just lighten up?
l mean, it sounds to me
like any girl who likes you
has to make
a lifelong commitment to you.
l'm sorry but l'm not ready
to do that.
Not after our first date.
l know.
But somewhere along the line,
you must have asked yourself,
l mean, if you could, you know,
see yourself with somebody
in a wheelchair.
Yes, as a matter of fact,
l did give that some thought.
And what did you come up with?
That it wasn't something
l could figure out in my head,
like l usually try to do.
And that's why
what you did last night,
not even giving me
the benefit of the doubt,
made me so mad.
Why?
Because l wasn't thinking
about all that stuff.
l guess l was just being
lead by the heart.
Are you gonna reach
that orange juice squeezer for me?
Where'd you learn to cook, anyway?
- Hi.
- Good morning.
Were you guys just standing
at the door?
No, we just got here, we swear.
So, Bobby, where's the coffee, pal?
l'll make it.
Good morning.
- Good morning.
Well, Kelly, what on earth--?
Well, l'm stunned.
Will wonders never cease?
All l know is, Bobby, if you're planning
to make breakfast every morning,
you're gonna be a welcome addition
to this house.
What are you talking about?
Well, you know, if you decide
to go to UCLA.
Uncle Jim, no offence,
but if l do go to UCLA,
l'm not gonna be staying here.
l'm gonna live in a dorm or,
you know, live in my own apartment.
That's one of the main reasons
why l wanted to transfer out here,
is to get out on my own.
Seriously, Dad.
Who'd want to live here, anyway?
You, l hope.
So, Bobby,
we've got the entire day free
until your plane takes off.
Anything you wanna do, we'll do.
How about you, Brenda?
You up for anything?
Sure, whatever we have time for.
l got a great idea.
Come on, Brenda.
You gotta break the ice sometime.
l mean, if l can drive,
you can drive.
Look, l know.
lt's not as if l'm afraid or anything.
l just haven't gotten around to it.
Bye, Bobby.
Call us when you get in.
Have a nice flight.
- Be sure to write.
- Here.
Thanks.
Give me a call
when you get into town.
Definitely.
l'm gonna need a friend out here.
You've got one.
All right, Bren, let's go.
What are we waiting for?
Everybody buckled?
Here we go. Oh, how l hate reverse.
- You've got it.
- Am l on the grass?
- Nope, you're fine.
- You're fine.
- Bren, keep your eyes on the road.
- l saw him. l saw him.
- Oh, the kerb. Sorry.
- You were crazy to let her drive.
Drive safely.
- l saw him.
- Are you sure?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org